[jazz music playing]
[Mel] It's a miracle
that you were ever airborne
with all the chewing gum and duct tape.
I mean, you've got [grunts]
actual duct tape.
Find the last person who wrenched in here
and put a bullet in him.
Yeah. You know what? Put two.
I was the last person
who wrenched around in there.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
You do your own dental work too?
It was working just fine
until last night, thank you.
All right, let's open her up.
Please tell me you didn't plug the g-line
straight into the pin port.
Well, it ups the drag.
Yeah, while over-stressing the converters.
And when they fail,
you're crushed in a heartburn.
[cell phone beeping]
And you've got copper soldering
all over the connectors.
[cell phone beeps]
Look, I know what you're trying to do,
and it's not going to work.
What?
Oh, you think I'm feeding you bullshit
so I can gouge you on parts and labor?
[cell phone beeps]
Way to perpetuate the mechanic stereotype.
Just because it's a stereotype
doesn't mean it's not true.
What you need is a J92 stabilizing coil.
I've got a brand new one in the truck.
15K installed,
and your problems are solved.
Hmm. I bet I could grab one refurbished
down in the street
for half my ham sandwich.
I bet you could,
but the reason that you're grounded
is because
you probably salvaged this one, right?
For a ham sandwich.
Or the ham.
Look,
just do yourself and your crew a favor.
Buy the new one off me.
Not for that price.
Look, just get her serviced, right?
And prep for install.
[cell phone beeps]
Jesus Christ!
Asshole.
[guitar music playing]
[sighs]
[jazz music playing]
[knock at door]
Yep.
-The mechanic has us by the sack-hairs.
-Uh-huh.
-Says we need a new stabilizing coil.
-Mm.
Which is going to
seriously drain the kitty.
-There's always something.
-Yeah.
Since we're going to be grounded
for a few more hours,
maybe you can make yourself useful.
-More useful than normal?
-That'd be a win.
Maybe you could rustle us up some scratch.
I've got a lead from Radical Ed.
-The hacker?
-That's right.
-Making it super reliable.
-It's new information on an old bounty.
[exhales]
All right.
Fine. [exhales]
-Hit me.
-Cy-Baba.
The "Let Go" Guru?
No. Wait, what was his shit again?
The "Free your mind
and the rest will follow"?
His shit killed 3,000 people
and the spit is this,
he's going by a new cover name now.
Dr. Londes.
-It's a rich bounty.
-It's the Bigfoot of bounties.
Rabbit hole to nowhere. It's a pipe dream.
It's a lead.
With a 90-million Woo price tag.
-Jet, come on. That--
-It doesn't hurt to check it out.
[cell phone beeps]
-You got the info.
-[phone beeps]
And they found Bigfoot, smart guy.
I saw it in a documentary.
No.
[Exclaims]
[Jet] What have you got there?
-Check it out.
-A railgun?
Yeah.
-[chuckles] I hope you kept the receipt.
-What?
Those things are a total scam.
-It's not a scam. [snorts]
-Mm-hmm.
Listen, I'm heading out to grab a part.
While I'm gone, check in on the mechanic,
make sure they're not dicking around.
[Faye] Mm-hmm.
All right.
-It's not a scam!
-[Jet] It is.
What's not a scam?
This bad boy.
[vocalizes]
-Is that a railgun?
-Yeah.
-Total scam.
-It's not a scam.
This thing can shoot a paperclip
through a human skull at 2,000 meters.
Making it the worst gun ever
for a bounty hunter.
[Faye] Not if you shoot him in the foot.
[Spike] Right.
-Where are you going?
-To chase down a pipe dream.
[theme music playing]
[Faye] Hey, I'm supposed to make sure
you're not dicking around.
-Your boss is a proper prick.
-Oh, he's not my boss.
Is that a railgun?
Yes, as a matter of fact, it is.
It's a beast. It shoots metal alloy
using magnetic fields. Cool, right?
I heard they were a total scam.
Why does everybody keep saying that?
[chuckles]
It's not like this iron here.
This is more my speed.
Oh.
That's… Yeah.
May I?
Whenever I see a good-looking piece,
I just have to touch it.
Yeah. Touch away.
[exhales]
Wow.
You shoot her yet?
I haven't found anything small enough
-to fit the chamber.
-To fit the chamber. [chuckles]
Mmm.
It's still very cool.
Thanks.
Well, I should let you get back to work.
I'm about done with her.
I'm waiting for the part
your boyfriend's out scrounging for.
No. Not my boyfriend.
Just a guy
that thinks you're ripping him off.
-[chuckles]
-[scoffs]
Yeah, there's nothing here worth taking.
Except maybe you.
Sorry?
[indistinct conversations]
[creaking]
[slow instrumental music playing]
-[TV switches on]
-Well, would you look at that?
Hello, friend, I'm Beatrice.
Welcome to the Londes Center.
Uh, hi. I want to see Dr. Londes.
And Dr. Londes wants to see you.
We're so happy you're here.
Please, come with me, friend.
At the Londes Center, we are all searchers
on a quest for freedom and harmony.
-Sure, yeah. Where's, uh… Where's Londes?
-Dr. Londes will be with you soon.
But first…
Are you ready to let go, friend?
Let go of what?
Of whatever holds you back
from being your best self.
We all carry ghosts. What's yours, friend?
Regret? Guilt?
-A lost love?
-Gee. [chuckles] Where do I start?
Dr. Londes says your past
is what keeps you from being present.
[Beatrice] Are you ready for your journey
to find your greater self?
-To let go of what ails you?
-Yeah, yeah, I'm, uh, ready to let go.
Wonderful.
Have a seat, friend.
And place the goggles over your eyes.
Uh, I just want to meet Dr. Londes.
And Dr. Londes wants to meet you.
But first, a brief orientation.
-And then Londes?
-Have a seat, friend.
[Spike sighs]
[sighs]
[Beatrice] Congratulations, friend.
Dr. Londes awaits you.
But first, let me take you on a journey.
A journey, as Dr. Londes will teach you,
if you free your mind,
the rest will follow.
All right, here we go. Come on, Londes.
[Beatrice] But first,
let us take the next 90 minutes
to examine the origin of our consciousness
as it relates to the primordial animal
unique to each of us.
That'll be bullshit.
You hiding back there, Londes?
I'm going to free your mind with my foot.
[glass breaking]
-[door slams]
-[exhales]
Shit.
[loud bang]
[engine backfires]
[laughter, indistinct conversation]
[man] I know.
[upbeat music playing]
-[man grunts]
-[gasps] Sorry.
[woman] Move it, you dandy.
[couple exclaims]
[Julia] Fearless?
[chuckling] Shit.
I found you.
Julia.
Hi.
Look at you.
Your hair.
-How did you--
-Ana.
She said you went by to see her.
That you asked about me.
I miss you so much.
I begged Ana to tell me how to find you
so that I could warn you.
Warn me?
They're coming for you. Today.
Vicious?
Not just him. An entire army of them.
You have to run, Fearless.
Run so far they'll never find you.
-Then come with me.
-No.
I didn't come here to be with you.
I came to save you.
I already lost you once,
I'm not losing you again.
I wish things were different.
Nothing's changed between us.
It's just lost time, that's all.
They'll be here any minute.
You have to run.
No.
Fearless…
Please.
You have to let me go.
I tried, Julia.
I tried for three years to let you go.
-I can't.
-[gunshot]
Whoa.
You hiding back there?
All right, Londes.
Enough with the mind games.
[glass breaking]
[door slams]
All right…
-[laughter, indistinct conversation]
-[engine backfiring]
[whirring]
[beeping]
-[man grunts]
-[gasps] Sorry.
[woman] Nice move, slick.
[Julia] Fearless?
Julia.
Hi.
Come on, Spike, pick up. Jeez.
[cell phone ringing]
Ah, Christ, Spike.
Where are you?
[whirring]
[digital beeping]
[upbeat music playing]
Look at you.
Your hair. [chuckles]
[chuckles]
-How did you--
-Ana.
She said you went by to see her.
-That you asked about me.
-Asked about you.
You need to tell me
that it's not safe for me here.
Vicious' men…
I know.
How?
I don't know.
But I know that Ana told you
that I was alive.
She told you where to find me.
-Come with me.
-Fearless!
There isn't much time,
they'll be here any moment.
Fearless, I came here--
Only to warn me.
But I'm not leaving here without you.
[beeping]
-You're going to get us both killed.
-I won't.
I know a way off planet.
I've got a friend who can help.
-I just… I need to buy us some time.
-[sighs]
You need to let me go.
You want me to go, I will go.
But only if you can tell me
that you've never thought about me.
That you've never thought about us.
Can you tell me that?
If you can, then I will go.
Come with me,
just one hour, that's all I ask.
Please.
[beeping]
To talk.
Just to talk so you understand
why we can't be together.
I'll take it.
[Julia sighs]
[upbeat music playing]
[engine starts]
[digital beeping]
Spike!
What the hell?
-You okay, buddy?
-Don't do that.
You take off the goggles,
you fry his brain.
-What are you doing to my partner?
-I'm attempting to save him.
Are you Londes?
No.
-Radical Ed sent me an alert.
-Me too.
I'm looking for Londes. Cy-Baba really.
There's a nice piece of change
on his head.
Oh.
-That's a check you'll never cash.
-Huh?
Cy-Baba, there, there is no Cy-Baba.
There never was.
That was a cover story that we cooked up.
Cover story? For what exactly?
An AI I created.
One that went psychotic.
I shut it down immediately.
But not before
thousands of test subjects were killed.
-What's happening to him?
-[sighs]
[Doctor Kaypack] The AI,
it's got him in a VR loop,
attempting to capture his consciousness.
Can you stop it?
Well, once I rewire the system.
-It should--
-Well, keep wiring!
Yeah.
[chuckling]
[Mel] You're kidding.
You're not kidding.
I don't know.
Maybe?
So I was your first?
Okay, yeah. You're the first.
Wow.
[chuckles] First orgasm ever.
Good on me.
At least that I can remember.
Well, if you'd had one before,
trust me, you would have remembered.
Mmm…
No, not exactly.
I had fallout from an epic cryo nap.
Total amnesia.
Everything that happened before I woke,
it's gone.
How long you been awake?
Over two years.
That's still a really long time
to go without having an orgasm.
I'm discovering that.
I don't mean to make light of it.
It can't be easy.
It hasn't been.
You don't know where to turn.
Who to trust.
You have no frame of reference.
The first time you touched a hot kettle,
or skinned your knee.
Because you're already a grown up.
No one to lean on.
No one to be loved by.
I don't know who you were,
and what you forgot,
but I don't think that changes the soul.
And I can see
you've got a really,
really good soul.
[Spike] I was in a bad way.
-So you're a bounty hunter?
-Partnered with an ex-cop no less.
-Took me in. Gave me a roof.
-[line ringing]
Purpose.
[lock beeps, clicks]
Jet. It's me.
Call me the second you get this.
I'll explain then.
Does he know what you used to do?
Who you used to be?
No.
He's probably going to kill me
when he finds out.
But it was inevitable
the truth was going to land one day.
-Fearless.
-It's Spike now.
Spike.
I'm not coming with you.
I can't let you risk losing what you have.
I would risk everything for you.
Julia, I waited for you that night.
But you never came.
I was told you, uh, chose somebody else.
I was afraid.
[Jet] What's it doing to him?
[Doctor Kaypack]
It's exploiting his emotional tether
so it can detach his consciousness
from his neural network.
If the AI can get him
to give up his emotional tether,
then it'll devour his consciousness.
And then what?
If that happens, he's game over.
I could have kept us safe.
You couldn't.
Not then and not now.
-Jet's going to get my message--
-You have to go.
[beeping]
You have to leave me.
Forget me.
It's the only way you'll ever be safe.
Forget you?
That's not going to happen.
Hey! Hey! The numbers are going down.
That's good, right?
Yeah, the longer he fights back,
the longer we have to shut it down.
[Spike sighs]
I'm not losing you again, Julia.
I've traveled all across the solar system
and I have never,
ever found anyone
who makes me feel the way that you do.
[chuckles]
[beeping]
Then Vicious will hunt us down,
he'll kill us.
That will not change.
He's a psychopath.
You'll never be safe with him.
Let me protect you.
-[thuds]
-[Julia gasps]
They're here.
-[electricity crackles]
-Ah!
-Jesus, you okay?
-I can't shut it down from here.
You'll have to cut the power
from the mainframe.
Where's the mainframe?
-Earth.
-Fucking Earth?
Pick up, pick up!
-God damn it, where is she?
-[horn honks]
Come on.
No. You have to go without me.
I tried, God damn it.
I tried for three years to let you go.
But I can't.
[groans]
You killed me.
[gunshots]
No.
No, no.
[upbeat music playing]
Sorry.
What the hell is happening to me?
-Julia.
-Fearless?
We have to get out of here,
there's no time.
-But--
-I know, you came here to warn me.
We have to go. Now.
Fearless, I can't.
What the fuck?
Oh, my God! Do you knock?
This is the engine room.
Spike's in trouble.
Wheels up in two minutes.
[upbeat music playing]
[beeping]
[engine starts]
Jet, do not go airborne.
This ship is a coffin if you do.
Just get that new coil installed.
And for the record,
I picked one up for 6K.
'Cause you got the J72, not the J92.
This won't fit.
Make it work.
-There's no way--
-Hey, tell me how to help!
[beeping]
[gun cocks]
[engine roaring]
[Julia shrieks]
[Spike] We just got to get to the Bebop!
Hang on!
-[gunshots]
-[Julia shrieks]
It's okay, I'm going to
get us through this. Trust me.
[grunts]
Mel, If I don't get that flow,
the burn-through's going to get crispy.
[Mel] I'm working on it!
[grunts]
[gunshots]
Come on.
[groans]
[Julia pants]
[men grunt]
Mel!
Mel, we're out of time!
Okay, now.
[whirring]
Come on, come on.
You're good now, Jet.
We're both going to die here.
It's okay.
We're going to get through this.
Trust me.
[man groans]
Trust you?
[gunshots]
-Look at where we are. [yells]
-[groans]
When I said I didn't feel safe,
I wasn't talking about Vicious,
I was talking about you.
-Julia, that's not--
-It's the truth!
You can change your name, Spike,
but you can't change who you are.
[screams, pants]
My husband may do bad things,
but you are the psychopath.
[alarm blaring]
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
[Faye] Jet!
Jet, the coils are bust!
You have to power down.
The blocks are going to blow.
Just hold it together!
You know why I didn't meet you that night?
[panting] Because I know
what you did at Blue Crow.
-Julia.
-Tell me you didn't.
You murdered them. All of them.
No.
[beeping]
Including that girl.
-[Jet] The ship!
-There's no way to cool the engine!
-Hey, can we turn on the sprinkler system?
-Yes, yes, we can.
If I re-route the coolant line.
[alarm beeping]
[grunts]
Okay, now!
Vicious isn't the villain, you are.
You never loved me.
You just loved
taking your best friend's girl.
And now you're going to get me killed.
Brace for impact.
[both scream]
[laughs in relief]
I don't love you.
I could never love a monster like you.
[groans, screams]
You've got to hurry. 92% and rising.
[Jet] Wait. I see it!
He's giving up his tether. He's dying.
[Jet] No, he's not! What do I do?
[Doctor Kaypack] Cut the power source.
There's a panel
in the back of the mainframe.
-[Faye] It's, it's completely sealed up.
-[growls]
[Faye] There's no way to get in.
[Jet] Stand back!
[beeping]
Who are you kidding?
Everything you touch, dies.
Damn it.
[Faye] Shoot!
[grunts]
[Mel] There's got to be something
around here.
So for once in your life,
do something right.
[grunting]
[Mel] Hey, hey.
Will this work?
And just let me go.
[Jet grunting]
[gunshot]
Okay.
I'll go.
[beeping]
[beeps off]
[instrumental music playing]
[gasps]
[Jet] Doc! Talk to me.
He's okay. He's alive.
-[laughs]
-[Mel] Oh, my God.
-Yes, yes, yes!
[screams, laughs]
[groans]
[hissing]
[object clinking]
[groans softly]
[Jet] Good. You're awake?
Too loud. Too loud.
[Jet] What, your head hurt?
[groans]
My hair hurts.
[Jet laughs]
-[thuds]
-[exhales]
Did we at least find Londes?
Nah, not in a way that gets us paid.
-[Spike groans]
-[Jet] There he is.
Bigfoot revealed.
We pulled that off the mainframe.
I don't get it.
What does the first letter
of every word spell?
-L-O-N-D-E-S.
-Yeah.
Kaypack thinks that the AI restarted
itself and created the Dr. Londes identity
to lure people in.
And before you say anything, just--
I told you that lead was horse hockey.
And you're right. I admit it.
When I find
that son of a bitch Radical Ed,
I'm going to rip off his fingers.
One by one. Nice and slow.
-Good luck with that. [grunts]
-Yeah.
I am going to
[straining] go back to bed.
For the next 17 days.
[Jet] Hey.
I'm glad you're okay.
Yeah.
-Me too.
-So…
Those goggle things,
what did you see in there, anyway?
I don't remember.
Hmm.
[smooth jazz music playing]
So, you're just gonna zip and dip.
[chuckles] Well, you know.
-Unless we're moving in together.
-We're not?
You're cute. Very cute.
-Can I call you some time?
-Yeah.
But first you've got to figure out
who the real you is.
-Hey.
-Mm.
Take it.
It's a terrible gun
for a bounty hunter, anyway.
Something to remember me by.
She's yours whenever you want her back.
See you, Faye Valentine.
Okay.
I'll go.
But not without you.
[melancholy jazz music playing]
I'll never let you go.
[rock music playing]